Update set-up-sso-saml-2.0.md (#2296)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/manage-access/set-up-sso-saml-2.0.md

## Generic SAML 2.0 integrations

> You can use the instructions in this section to configure an identity provider that's not specifically listed below.

Reviewer: shorten the sentence and remove word specifically

```suggestion
You can use the instructions in this section to configure an identity provider that isn't listed below.
```
